October
-----------
change title to backgroun process instead of prototype



immediate
test code for anchor create (dont worry about the views yet since they will change)
the rest of the experience.  recruiter and opportunity management
can we add more structure to the job profile.  instead of blob
    explore JSON as the data type field Postgres has this.
    


I have written some check if use is authenticated.  but that seems to occur before the function even gets called.
clean that up.  I swear i used to get that code to run.  i.e. in Assessments for example.  somewhere I ahve seen the message "you dont exist"

it does the jiggly thing because it flashes the word loading!

re-factor company size to have min and max

Now-ish

you can not delete an accepted anchor.  has to be pending.

- currently you can send an anchor to someone you already have an anchor with
/friends should include people who I have sent to once already but have not accepted yet

Living with:  the anchor will not re-render when you accept an endorsement.
i assume the whole thing will get refactoreed at some point,
so not worrying baout it now.


also:  if you do a second anchor and an invite already exists!

will need a max invites sent at some point

what happens if you submit an anchor for a skill and person that you have already done?

requirements page should know when it has been udpated and only offer next button if that is the case.
should also have a revert changes button

what happens when name changes on server (id stays the same)

requiremenst page should be probably always syncing with server

guy creates new skill.  we disagree and delete it. what happens to his profile?
vulnerability:  someone POSTS new tech skills x 1e20.
seems to be a vulnerability for any POST

confirm modal for tech, but do generic confirm modal to use site wide.

any button that writes to server should not be active on client until all loading is done!

i dont think we use the /invite route

anchor created, invite sent, invite accepted, anchor cancelled before accepted??

I am a member but ross sends invite to my other email address that BP doesn't know.
    soln special login that takes invite code and converts the anchors to me and kills the invite

will probably need to mechanism to ensure next page does not load until POST is done.

edge:
    invite can't persist if all anchors invites are deleted by originator.